
My hobby learning to become a photographer

I bought my first mirrorless camera last year with the intention of learning the fundamentals of photography and progressing from there. I had no idea that photography was more complicated than simply turning on the camera and shooting images. I have a lot to learn.

To become a successful photographer, I need to understand the fundamentals of shutter speed, aperture, ISO, exposure correction, and lens selection, as well as how to use composition and light to my advantage. I need a camera that is simple to operate while still allowing me to explore.

Fortunately, I acquired a Sony Mark A7III mirrorless camera at a fantastic offer. I was first concerned since the camera had so many buttons and settings. So I went on to YouTube to look for tutorial videos to understand the fundamentals. Taking great photographs requires knowing how to adjust the settings of the camera when needed. Youtubers like Jared Polin have great tutorials for beginner photographers to help me get the best out of my camera and push it to its limits.

Let’s quickly look at the Exposure Triangle, which explains the relationship between shutter speed, ISO, and aperture:

1) Shutter Speed - the amount of time a camera's shutter remains open to allow light to enter the camera sensor.Shutter speeds are typically measured in fractions of a second when they are under a second. Slow shutter speeds allow light into the camera sensor and are used for low-light and night photography, while fast shutter speeds help to freeze motion. Examples of shutter speeds: 1/15 (1/15th of a second), 1/30, 1/60, 1/125.

2) Aperture - a hole within a lens that allows light to enter the camera body.The larger the hole, the lighter it passes to the camera sensor. Aperture also controls the depth of field, which is the portion of a scene that appears to be sharp. If the aperture is very small, the depth of field is large, while if the aperture is very large, the depth of field is small. In photography, aperture is typically expressed in "f" numbers (also known as "focal ratio") since the f-number is the ratio of the diameter of the lens aperture to the length of the lens. Examples of f-numbers are: f/1.4, f/2.0, f/2.8, f/4.0, f/5.6, f/8.0.

3) ISO – a way to brighten your photos if you can’t use a longer shutter speed or a wider aperture. It is typically measured in numbers, with a lower number representing a darker image, while higher numbers mean a brighter image. However, raising your ISO comes at a cost. As the ISO rises, so does the visibility of graininess and noise in your images. Examples of ISO: 100, 200, 400, 800, 1600.

There are many different types of lenses available depending on the style of photography you would like to master. For example, I enjoy taking landscape shots. I also enjoy taking portrait-style shots on occasion. From this information, I deduced the lens I needed, and wow! There are several types of photographic lenses available. These lenses can also be insanely expensive, but as long as your budget allows, I have some lis

Sony FE 16-35mm F2.8 GM Lens

If I had to pick only one Sony lens for landscape photography, this would be it. The FE 16-35 is the Sony ultra-wide-angle zoom lens you've been looking for, and it's a terrific choice for a wide range of applications. It produces excellent image quality. The lens is well-made and has weather sealing. The f/2.8 aperture is very useful for capturing the night sky.

Sony FE 85mm F1.4 GM Lens

Sony calls the lens "the ideal portrait prime," and it's difficult to argue with that. I've used 85mm prime lenses with wide apertures for complete senior portrait shoots, and the results are fantastic. There appears to be enough ambient light to use this lens handheld at all times.


